# f7lans

use the html file thats in the repo with this read me. we will be creating a back end to support what features, users, admins, channels, chat, video chat, voice chat, screen sharing, private messaging etc are here. once we've done that we will containerize it. make that web interface connectable. the backend you build will need to have a dockerized server and a dockerized client. these will need to be able to connect over IP. The server will need to track users properly along with their personalied settings. which means a database some where. likely in a seperate container. we'll want persistent storage for the users and chat history. the end result will be more geared towards social media. this is a gaming focused community site. Make sure to theme everything F7Lans or F7 for short name. use orange coloring. we'll need an admin user to manage the system and the ability to add more admins. it will need to support oath and https. but these will be optional. there will be a win32 build of the client. that win32 build will support connecting to the server over ip via username/password added by admin. the win32build will support the same features, users, admins, channels, chat, video chat, voice chat, screen sharing, private messaging etc. users will have profiles that save default audio settings like volume, audio in and audio out devices. they can change their display name while keeping their login name. they can upload profile pictures. they can direct message each other. there should be  bots that can play youtube videos on request in chat, that sort of thing. the admin should be able to invite people via email. the user can add their steamid to their profile. other users can see other users profile and see their steamid and click to see their account. when a user looks at another user ( and they both have their steam id setup ), the client will show games that both users have. it will look for games they have lots of time in and suggest them towards the top that they play with each other ( again remember we're encourning folks to play ). the win32 client should be able to minimize to tray to not interfere with games. there should be a push to talk button or voice activated chat. the user should be able to share multiple windows at once or multiple screens.  